generate automatic release on tag (#95)
rond-authz/rond: CHANGELOG.md

> > ⚠ This file is deprecated. Releases after 3.0.0 use GitHub's built-in releases to track changes ⚠

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠ This file is deprecated. Releases after 1.4.3 use GitHub built-in releases to track changes ⚠
```
